Fixed #33328 -- Transformed formset:added/removed to native JS events. (#15233)
django/django: docs/releases/4.1.txt

* The ``type="text/css"`` attribute is no longer included in ``<link>`` tags
  for CSS :doc:`form media </topics/forms/media>`.

> * ``formset:added`` and ``formset:removed`` JavaScript events are now pure

Reviewer: Blank line is missing:
```suggestion

* ``formset:added`` and ``formset:removed`` JavaScript events are now pure
```

  JavaScript events and don't depend on jQuery. See

>   :doc:`/ref/contrib/admin/javascript` for more details on the change.

Reviewer: Maybe :thinking: :
```suggestion
  :ref:`admin-javascript-inline-form-events` for more details on the change.
```
